Bitdeer Beyond the Prototype: Best Production-Ready AI Tool (In-Person Only)
Most hackathon projects struggle to move beyond basic prototypes into production-ready tools. This track challenges you to build a high-performance, AI-powered solution that solves real-world pain points for developers, researchers, or engineers. We are looking for tools that demonstrate technical depth and practical utility. The most polished and technically ambitious solution wins as we bridge the gap between "side projects" and professional-grade engineering.
https://www.bitdeer.ai/en/pricing/ai-models

Google Best AI for Community Impact (In-Person Only)
Awarded to the team that creates the most impactful AI solution to address a real community need and deliver meaningful social benefit.

Moorcheh AI Best AI Application that Leverages Efficient Memory (In-Person Only)
Using the Moorcheh Boilerplate (a ready-to-use Python starter kit provided at the workshop), build an AI application that leverages efficient memory. We want you to take our "Memory-in-a-Box" and build a brain around it.
https://github.com/moorcheh-ai

Sun Life Best Health Care Hack Using Agentic AI (In-Person Only)
Build an Agentic AI solution that helps Canadians monitor or improve their physical (including dental) or mental health. Projects may focus on prevention, symptom management, or treatment tracking—across general wellness or specific conditions (excluding time‑management tools for stress).

Problem:
Whether you are vibe coding or writing, sometimes you get tired typing, controlling mouse or speaking. If you are using speech-to-text, you often get tired quickly.

Solution:
To solve this, we introduce our application to let users control the mouse by eye movement and use silent speech without speaking out loud to type. Now, you can vibe code without moving an inch of your hand or using your voice.

Tech:
Visual speech recognition
LLM
Computer Vision
Standalone app for desktop

Name ideas:
iSpeak
EyeSpeak
SilentCursor
VisionType
VisionControl


Judging Criteria
Criteria 1: Innovation & Originality
Focuses on the project's ability to introduce novel concepts, methods, or applications, and to demonstrate creative problem-solving.

Criteria 2: Technical Complexity & Execution
Operational effectiveness, code quality, and success in meeting specified requirements and performance standards.

Criteria 3: Product Experience & Design
Overall structure of the project, including visual appeal user experience, and the organization of its architecture and code.

Criteria 4: Impact & Practical Value
The project's potential to address real-world problems, create positive change, and contribute to meaningful outcomes



Deadline: Sunday 8:00 AM

Sponsor judging is based on one criterion: “convice your project fits best for the sponsor category.”


10AM judging begins
3min pitch, 3m Q&A


8AM
